feat: add docs for native sign in using Apple SDK (#1528)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/social-signin/30_apple.mdx

</Tabs>
````

## Using the Apple SDK on native apps

Apple provides a more integrated UX for native apps using the
[Apple SDK](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/sign_in_with_apple/implementing_user_authentication_with_sign_in_with_apple).

> Since this flow does not involve a browser and redirect URL, but instead issues an `id_token`, it requires a bit more work to
> integrate with Ory.

Reviewer: Always positive! :)

```suggestion
This flow uses the native Apple SDK and does not require a browser. This results in an issued `id_token`  on the client side which is exchanged at Ory for a session token.
```

Reviewer: Move the limitations and drawbacks to a section at the end.

Reviewer: no i meant that the drawbacks shouldn't be listed within the highlevel description.

The following steps are required to integrate the Apple SDK with Ory:

> 1. Configure an Apple social sign-in provider in Ory using the same `client_id` as in your native app.
> 1. Generate a random value that you can use as a `nonce`.
> 1. Obtain an `id_token` from Apple using the Apple SDK. Make sure to also submit the SHA256 encrypted `nonce`.
> 1. Submit the `id_token` and `nonce` (as the `raw_id_token_nonce`) as part of the `updateRegistrationFlow` or `updateLoginFlow`
>    request to Ory.
> 1. Ory will validate the `id_token` and create an identity and optionally a session (if configured).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure an Apple social sign-in provider in Ory using the same `client_id` as in your native app.
2. Generate a random value that you can use as a `nonce`.
3. Obtain an `id_token` from Apple using the Apple SDK. Make sure to also submit the SHA256 encrypted `nonce`.
4. Submit the `id_token` and `nonce` (as the `raw_id_token_nonce`) as part of the `updateRegistrationFlow` or `updateLoginFlow`
   request to Ory.
5. Ory will validate the `id_token` and create an identity and optionally a session (if configured).
```

> The `id_token` is verified using Apple's publicly available signing keys, available under https://appleid.apple.com/auth/keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `id_token` is verified using Apple's publicly available signing keys. For more information, please take a look at the [Apple documentation](https://appleid.apple.com/auth/keys).
```
